# STORY - Screenplay v1 - By John Roper

## Scene 1
### Shot 1
We are looking at a road.
As we watch a car drives along it and toward/past us.

### Shot 2
We are looking down a road.
The same car comes past us going down the road.

## Scene 2
### Shot 1
We are looking out at a lake.
As we sit here, we here the car drive up behind us, stop, and the doors open and shut.
We hear people moving around.

### Shot 2
We are looking at family of a man, woman, and a young girl.
We pan up and to the side to see an older boy sitting against a tree reading.

### Shot 3
He sits there reading for a while.
As he sits there, we see a thought bubble with fairy tale creatures and the like.

### Shot 4
The book glows yellow and light comes out of it.
The boy drops the book and it falls on the grass open.
The light goes away.
He leans over it on his knees.
The light flares up again, surrounding him and he is gone.

## Scene 2
### Shot 1
We are in some woods.
we see the book fall quickly on the ground, open, and the boy pops out.
He stands up, and looks at himself. nothing has changed but his surroundings.
He starts to look around.

### Shot 2
We are looking from behind some trees as the boy turns in a circle looking around.

### Shot 3
We are still behind the trees when we see a band of about 10 knights on horseback in full armor and weaponry come toads the boy quickly.

### Shot 4
We are inside the group of trees as the knights circle the boy.

### Shot 5
We are following the boy as he tries to run away through the woods.

(Possibly some close ups on the faces of him and the knights?)

### Shot 6
Finally a knight catches the boy and puts him in front of him on his horse.

## Scene 3
### Shot 1
We are on a hill looking over a valley. On the other side is a castle. We see the knights look at it then move on

## Scene 4
### Shot 1
We are in a magnificent castle hall that is like the hall of kings in Gondor in The Lord Of The Rings. At the end sits a king on a high throne.

### Shot 2
The King gets down from the throne and starts to look at the boy.

## Scene 5
### Shot 1
We are suddenly looking at one of the towers of the castle as a dragon rips off the room and pulls a girl, the princess from it.

### Shot 2
We are looking at the princess in the dragon's claws as he fly away.

### Shot 3
We are looking straight at the dragon as he breaths fire at the camera then swings away into the horizon.

## Scene 6
### Shot 1
We are looking down at the castle as we see the boy running from the open doors.

## Scene 7
### Shot 1
The boy is now running through a forest. He looks up and we follow his head to see the dragon flying overhead"

## Scene 8
### Shot 1
The boy is at a tunnel entrance that is going down into the ground.

### Shot 2
The boy hesitates and then slowly moves into the tunnel.

### Shot 3
We are following the boy at a sideway angle as he goes down the tunnel"

### Shot 4
The camera swings around from beside the boy to behind him as he steps out into a cave filled with gold coins with the princess at the center.

## Scene 9
### Shot 1
Suddenly, the dragon appears and spurts fire at the boy who grabs the princess and runs.

### Shot 2
We are in the dragons POV as he chases the boy up the tunnel.
