# STORY - Screenplay v3 - By John Roper

## Scene 1
### Shot 1
We are looking at a road.
As we watch a car drives along it and toward/past us.

### Shot 2
We are looking down a road.
The same car comes past us going down the road.

## Scene 2
### Shot 1
We are looking out at a lake.
As we sit here, we here the car drive up behind us, stop, and the doors open and shut.
We hear people moving around.

### Shot 2
We are looking at family of a man, woman, and a young girl.
We pan up and to the side to see an older boy sitting against a tree reading.

### Shot 3
He sits there reading for a while.
As he sits there, we see a thought bubble with fairy tale creatures and the like.

### Shot 4
The book glows yellow and light comes out of it.
The boy drops the book and it falls on the grass open.
The light goes away.
He leans over it on his knees.
The light flares up again, surrounding him and he is gone.

## Scene 3
### Shot 1
We are in some woods.
we see the book fall quickly on the ground, open, and the boy pops out.
He stands up, and looks at himself. nothing has changed but his surroundings.
He starts to look around.

### Shot 2
We are looking from behind some trees as the boy turns in a circle looking around.

### Shot 3
Suddently he looks up as a dragon quickly flies past overhead.

### Shot 4
A band of knights gallops into the clearing and surrounds the boy.

## Scene 4
### Shot 1
It is night and the soldiers sit with the boy across around a fire in the middle of the clearing.

### Shot 2
We are looking at the tower of a castle. We slowly move towards it.

### Shot 3
Sunnently, suprisingly, a dragon crashes into the frame and rips the roof off.

### Shot 4
We see a close up of the dragons claws as he grabbs a princess from within the tower.

### Shot 5
We are again looking at the full tower as knights come running up the outside steps.

### Shot 6
We are behind the knights as the dragon spurts fire at them then flapps quickly away.

### Shot 7
We are behind the band of knights as they gallop across a dead field and we look up to see the dragon flying overhead a little ways in front.

### Shot 8
We see the knights who are following the dragon go into the woods where they are now.

## Scene 5
### Shot 1
It is now daytime and the knights are getting ready to leave.

### Shot 2
We see the head knight pull the boy onto the sattle in front of him.

### Shot 3
We are sitting in the clearing as the knights gallop off into the woods again with the boy. No trace is left that they were there.

## Scene 6
### Shot 1
We see the knights at the edge of a tunnel mouth staring down into the earth. It is lare enough to fit the dragon.

### Shot 2
The knights go into the hole.

### Shot 3
We follow them into blackness.

## Scene 7
### Shot 1
We see light again.

### Shot 2
We open into a huge cave covered in crystals..... and gold.

### Shot 3
We look up to see the princess slumped on a large rock table in the center of the cave.

### Shot 4
The boy grabs a sord from a soldier and runs to her.

### Shot 5
Just as he has gotten the princess into his arms, the dragon soars down and confronts him.

### Shot 6
The dragon spurts fire at the boy and the boy dives to the left.

### Shot 7
We are looking through the dragon's eyes as he spruts fire once again and the boy francticly escapes to the right.

### Shot 8
The moment of triumph, the boy runs full speed toads the dragon, and, catching it off guard, spears it in the heart with his sord.

### Shot 9
We see the knights and the boy running up the tunnel.

## Scene 8
### Shot 1
We see a castle on a hill. We stoly move toards it.

### Shot 2
We are inside a great hall that is inside the castle. There is a high throne on a pedistal where a king sits.

### Shot 3
We swing around as the doors at the back of the hall (behind us) swing open and the knights and the boy gallop in.

### Shot 4
We are again looking strait at the king as the boy gets off of the horse that he was sharing, and brings the princess to the king. She is still unconcious.

### Shot 5
We are looking from a different angle as her eyes open and the groggily sits up.

### Shot 6
First view, the king is hugging her.

### Shot 7
The king leads the boy over to a pedistal and gestures. There sits the book.

### Shot 8
We are looking from a different angle as the king hands the boy a crystal that slightly glows.

### Shot 9
The boy touches it, and, the light flares up, and he is gone.

## Scene 9
### Shot 1
We are back at the lake under the tree. The boy stands up and

### Shot 2
We are looking from behind as he walks back to his family.

### Shot 3
They get in the car and drive off.

### Shot 4
We are looking down the road. The car drives past us into the distance.
